The cat doesn't see the marriage between the Fang family and the Jindi Group
Can't sit here
How can the marriage event go away?
You and I marry
A match made in heaven
Close and add
Close and close
Let go of me, you know?
You have completely ignited the fire in my heart
I just got up from the fire
Hey, your name is Tangtang, let me go
Aren't you angry?
Then I'll cut it for you.
Hey, okay.
Hey, it's good to let go
You brat
Do you know what it is to offend me?
I asked you to serve me to the death
My fiancee?
I'll see you later.
Thank you just now
However, the offended horse must not
It's finally a little thing to do
Donate to me 5 million
If you don't squander
You have enough for life
Miss Fang is known as the ultimate spirit girl
Making 5 million is a matter of minutes
Just 5 million want to pack